Assume task parameters with underscores to be strings. (#6571)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/6571.fix.md

> Task parameters with single underscores and numbers only were being treated as integers (Python 3.6, PEP-515). This change returns older behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabled PEP-515-style integer coercion of task parameters containing underscores (e.g. `084_132` was becoming `84132`). This fix returns older behaviour seen in Cylc 7.

```
